Okay, now we're going to build it up with
a little bit of pinkier tone. And the darker
areas, and remember it's fairly wet, so when
you place it down you want to make sure that
it's the right wetness. If it's too wet it'll
flow too quickly. If it's not wet enough it'll
cause a hard edge. And we're going to turn
this to do a gradation
because the cheek is a little bit darker,
on the edge of the cheek, so we're just sort
of dabbing paint into the edge of the cheek,
and then we're going to bring up some color
here, and then just on the inside of the nose,
put a little more color there, and then right
below the nostrils, I'm just going to put
some color there, then we're going to take
out the color, and before we do anything else,
we're going to soften up the edges.
And remove any paint that we need to.
Sometimes hard to remove, if there's not that
much to remove. It's a soft face, there's
not really going to be too many hard edges
to look at.